# ticket-system

### Exploratory Data Analysis with ticket system data

This repository consists of three folders `system`, `ticket` and `webflow`, each folder’s works are all independent of one another. Elaboration of each folders are provided below.

**system:** 2015.9.12

Analyze ticket selling data for concerts held throughout January to April in 2010. View the documentation [here](https://github.com/ethen8181/ticket-system/blob/master/system/system.md).

- `data` The folder contains the dataset "system1-4.csv" used for the analysis. 
- `system` The R, md, Rmd, pdf, html version of the report. .R is less informative, it contains only the code for the report, and some other testing codes that were not included in the report. 
- `mosaic_plot.R` Contains a "mosaic_plot" function that plots a mosaic plot of a input data.frame. Also used in the report, that is "system.md" if you're looking at it on github.
- `system_files` Plots generated by the report.

**ticket:** 2015.6.1

Analyze ticket selling data for one of the concert in 2010. View the documentation [here](https://github.com/ethen8181/ticket-system/blob/master/ticket/ticket.md).
       
- `ticketdata.csv` The raw dataset for this folder.
- `ticket.md` Shows the whole procedure for conducting the analysis, also contains descriptions of the dataset.
- `ticket.R` the R code for the markdown file, including other testing codes. 
- `seat.png` Shows the structure of the arena in which the concert was held. It will be used with "image.R".
- `processdata.csv` A subset of the original dataset ( steps to generating it are shown in the report ) and will be used by "image.R".
- `image.R` Contains a function "image". By passing in a timeline, it will show you the number of tickets available for each section in the arena during the timeline that you have specified. An example of how the function is used is also shown in the report.
- `ticket_files` Contains plots generated by the analysis.

**webflow:** 2015.6.1

Analyze webflow record from Google Analytics(GA) of a ticket system website. View report [here](https://github.com/ethen8181/ticket-system/blob/master/webflow/webflow.md).  
If you’re interested in more sophisticated work related to Google Analytics, refer to [this](https://github.com/ethen8181/Ecommerce) repository. 

- `webflowdata.xlsx` The main dataset used by this folder.          
- `webflow.md` Contains the whole process of the analysis and thorough detail of the dataset. 
- `webflow.R` Just the R code for the analysis, though may not be as organized and well-explained.                  
- `webflow_files` Contains the graphs that the analysis generated.                



 
